it respectively heaven
they push
hi guys and welcome to the first stop on
the coca-cola icy tool for 2011 here at
Unger the Oakley pro 11 a few have to be
the best every year on the coca-cola RC
series we're heading to new spots
we saw pumping conditions for the early
rounds in the three to four-foot glassy
and super fun conditions one of the
local standouts and formalized each amp
mod ard poocho better known as bold was
out there doing his thing and nothing
brings around the try as hard as we
might you do what you have to do do what
you have to do the Oakley pro 11 drew
huge numbers to the first event on the
coca-cola is C series starting off was
the trials and round one where we saw a
former IC champ result and Rome hit the
water
I'm here with the results hundred on the
former IC champ good to have you back on
- yeah stoked to be back
this is one of many for the rest of the
year or having to be the fun just for
fun couple you know if I have time I'm
gonna do it and I think yeah
it looks like we have a really good
schedule yeah we're after the men tau is
near Swati West Java
I think astronomers came back the real
dream for that is a rapid a won a
competition here at the Oakley Pro 11
Changi Beach is the venue as you can see
everyone so enjoy themselves
we'll be back tomorrow with round two
and more action be sure to be watching
and we'll see you then
pipe master Eddie Aikau champion WCT
quitter reborn freesurfer a proud father
brew sirens if you wanted to get respect
you had to definitely push the limits if
you want to get my respect go and show
it to me out in the water showing
respect but then also just having balls
and going the actions speak louder than
words don't talk about it do it if you
be yourself and good things will come